ABA
abattoirs
abdomen
abdominal fat
ability
abomasum
abortion
abrasion
abscesses
abscission
absorbance
absorption
absorption spectra
abstracts
abundance
Acacia
acceleration
acceptability
accident prevention
acclimatization
accounting
accounts
accumulation
accuracy
Acer
acetaldehyde
acetates
acetic acid
acetoin
acetone
acetylene
Achatina
achenes
acid phosphatase
acid rain
acid soils
acidification
acidity
acidosis
acids
acorns
acrylamide
actin
actinides
Actinomyces
activation energy
activities
acute toxicity
adaptability
adaptation
additives
adenine
adenosine
administration
ADP
adrenal glands
adsorbents
adsorption
adulteration
adults
advection
adventitious buds
adventitious roots
aeration
aerial parts
aerial photographs
aerobic fermentation
aerobic rice
aerobic treatment
aerobiosis
Aeromonas
Aeromonas salmonicida
aeroponics
aetiology
aflatoxins
Africa
African swine fever
African swine fever virus
agalactia
agar
agarose
age
age structure
agencies
agents
agricultural development
agricultural economics
agricultural engineering
agricultural extension
agricultural population
agricultural practices
agricultural production
agricultural productivity
agricultural research
agricultural sector
agricultural situation
agricultural soils
agricultural structure
agriculture
Agrobacterium
agronomy
air
air drying
air flow
air masses
air pollution
air temperature
alanine
Alaska
Albania
albedo
albendazole
Alberta
alcoholic beverages
alcoholic fermentation
alcohols
aldehydes
aldicarb
ales
aleurone
aleurone cells
Algae
algal culture
algorithms
alkaline phosphatase
alkalinity
alkalinization
alkaloids
alkalosis
allantoic acid
allantoin
alleles
alley cropping
allocation
Alps
altitude
aluminium
alveoli
Alysicarpus
americium
amides
amination
amines
amino acid sequences
amino acids
aminocarb
aminopeptidase
amitraz
Ammi
ammonia
ammonification
ammonium
ammonium chloride
ammonium compounds
ammonium nitrate
ammonium sulphate
AMP
ampicillin
amplitude
amylases
anaerobic fermentation
anaerobiosis
analysis
analysis of variance
analytical methods
Anas
anatomy
anchoring
ancymidol
androgens
animal behaviour
animal breeding
animal diseases
animal feeding
animal health
animal meals
animal performance
animal place
animal production
animal protein
animals
anion exchange capacity
anions
Anisakis
anise
anomalies
antagonism
antennae
anthelmintics
anther culture
anthers
anthocyanidins
anthocyanins
antibiotic residues
antibiotics
antibodies
antigens
Antirrhinum
anus
apes
Aphodius
apoplexy
apparent digestibility
appetite
apples
application
application equipment
application methods
application rates
applied research
approaches
approximation
apricots
Apulia
aquaculture
aquatic environment
aquatic organisms
aquatic resources
aquifers
arabinose
arable land
arable soils
Aragua
Aranda
arboviruses
arbuscular mycorrhiza
Arca
area
Argentina
arginine
arms
aroma
aroma recovery
arrays
arsenic
Artemia
arteries
arthritis
artificial insemination
artificial light
artificial seawater
arts
Arum
ascorbic acid
ash content
ashes
Asia
asparagine
Asparagus
aspartic acid
Aspergillus
Aspergillus terreus
asses
assessment
assignment
assimilation
associations
astaxanthin
Aster
atmosphere
atmospheric deposition
atmospheric emission
atmospheric pressure
ATP
ATPase
atrazine
atrophic rhinitis
atrophy
Atta
attitudes
attractants
auditory stimuli
Australia
Austria
authorities
autotrophy
autumn
auxins
Avena
Aves
awns
azimuth
Azores
B horizons
Bacilli
Bacillus
Bacillus cereus
Bacillus subtilis
Bacillus thuringiensis
bacitracin
back
backfat
bacon
Bacteria
bacterial flora
bacterial spores
bacteriological analysis
bacteriology
bags
baits
balance sheet
balances
bales
ballast
banks
Barbados
barium
bark
barley
barley straw
barns
barriers
basal metabolism
basalt
base saturation
basic needs
basic research
basins
Bavaria
beak
Bean common mosaic virus
Bean yellow mosaic virus
beans
bee colonies
beef
beekeepers
beers
beet pulp
beetroot
behaviour
Belgium
Bembidion
benomyl
bentonite
benzene
Bermuda
berries
Beta
beta-casein
beta-glucans
betaine
beverages
bile
bile ducts
binding proteins
binding sites
bioaccumulation
biodegradation
biodynamic agriculture
biogas
biological control
biological data
biological nitrogen fixation
biological properties
biology
biomass
biomass production
biopsy
biosynthesis
biotin
biotopes
biotypes
birds
bitter pit
bitumen
black currants
blackberries
bladder
blanching
blasts
blight
blood
blood circulation
blood composition
blood plasma
blood serum
blood sugar
boar taint
boars
bodies
body burden
body condition
body size
body temperature
body weight
boiling
boiling point
Boletus
Bolivia
bolting
bone marrow
bones
borates
borax
boron
boron content
Bos
botanical gardens
bottles
botulism
brain
bran
branches
branching
Brazil
bread
bream
breeding
breeding methods
breeding programmes
breeding seasons
breeds
bridges
brill
bristles
broad beans
broad-sense heritability
broccoli
bromacil
bromine
Bromus
bronchi
browning
Brucella
brucellosis
buckwheat
bud formation
budding
buds
buffering capacity
buffers
buildings
bulbs
bulls
buried soils
burning
butanol
butter
butyric acid
by-products
C horizons
C3 plants
C4 plants
cadastral register
cadmium
caffeine
cage nets
cages
cakes
Calabria
calcareous soils
calcium
calcium ammonium nitrate
calcium carbonate
calcium chloride
calcium hydroxide
calcium nitrate
calculation
Cales
calibration
California
Calluna
callus
callus culture
calorimetry
calves
cambium
Cambrian
Campania
Campylobacter
Canada
canals
Cancer
Candida
candidiasis
cane sugar
cankers
Canna
Canna indica
canning
canopy
cans
CAP
capital
Capsicum
captan
captivity
carbofuran
carbohydrate content
carbohydrates
carbon
carbon dioxide
carbon tetrachloride
carboxylation
carcass weight
carcasses
cardia
cardiomyopathy
cardiovascular diseases
Carex
carnitine
carotenoids
carp
carpels
carpus
carrots
carrying capacity
casein
cassava
Castanea
Castanea sativa
catabolism
catalase
catalysis
catches
caterpillars
cation exchange capacity
cations
cats
cattle
caves
CBD
cecum
celeriac
celery
cell counting
cell culture
cell cycle
cell membranes
cell walls
cells
cellulase
cellulose
cellulose products
cement
Cenchrus
central government
Centre
centres
centrifuging
Centris
centromeres
cereal crops
cereal products
cereals
certification
chaff
chains
chalcones
Channa
Channa striata
channels
charcoal
Cheddar cheese
cheese
cheese whey
cheese-making
chelates
chemical agents
chemical analysis
chemical composition
chemical degradation
chemical pest control
chemical stimuli
chemical structure
chemical substances
chemicals
chemistry
chemotaxis
Chenopodium
Chenopodium album
cherries
chickens
chicks
chicory
children
Chile
China
Chios
chitin
Chlamydia
chloramphenicol
Chlorella
Chlorella pyrenoidosa
chlorflurenol
chlorides
chlorination
chlorine
chloroform
chlorogenic acid
Chlorophyceae
chlorophylls
chloroplasts
chlorosis
chlorothalonil
cholera
cholesterol
choline
cholinesterase
chorion
Christmas trees
chromatin
chromatography
chromatophores
chromium
chromosome number
chromosomes
Chrysanthemum
chrysanthemums
Chrysophyceae
chyme
chymosin
chymotrypsin
cilia
Citharinidae
citric acid
Citrus
clam culture
clams
class
classification
claws
clay
clay soils
cleaning
climate
climatic data
climatic factors
climatic zones
clones
Clostridia
Clostridium
Clostridium perfringens
CMS
coagulation
coal
coarse sand
coastal areas
coasts
coating
cobalt
Coccidia
coccidiosis
Coccus
cocks
coconut milk
cocoons
cod
codification
codons
cofactors
coffee
cohorts
Cola
colchicine
cold
cold season
cold storage
cold tolerance
cold zones
coleoptiles
colibacillosis
colitis
collaboration
collagen
collapse
collateral
collection
collections
collective ownership
colloids
Colombia
colon
colonies
colostrum
colour
column chromatography
coma
combine harvesters
combines
combining ability
combustion
commodities
commodity markets
common beans
common grazing
common salt
commons
communication
communities
community development
compaction
companies
comparative analysis
compasses
compatibility
compensation
complement
complexing
compliance
component analysis
components
composite populations
composition
composting
composts
computers
concanavalin a
concentrates
concentrating
conception rate
concession
concrete
concretions
condensation
condition factor
cones
conflicts
Congo
conidia
Coniopterygidae
Conium
connective tissue
consistency
Consolida
constants
constipation
constitution
constraints
construction
consumer prices
consumers
consumption
containers
contamination
continents
continuous culture
control methods
controlled release
conversion factors
convulsions
cooking
cooking quality
cooling
cooling water
cooperation
Cooperia
copper
copulation
cores
cork
cormel
corolla
corpus luteum
corrections
correlation
corrosion
cortex
corticosterone
Costa Rica
Cota
cotton
cottonseed
cotyledons
cough
counters
countries
courts
cow milk
cowpeas
cows
CPF
crabs
cracking
crayfish
creatine
creatinine
credit
crop
crop growth rate
crop management
crop production
crop residues
crop rotation
crop yield
cropping patterns
cropping systems
crops
crown
crude fat
crude fibre
crude fibre content
crude protein
crushing
Crustacea
Cryptococcus
crystallization
Cuba
cultch
cultivation
cultivators
cultural control
cultural development
culture media
cumin
curcumin
curd
curing
curvature
Cuscuta
cut flowers
cutting
cuttings
cyanidin
cycling
Cyclops
cylinders
cystathionine
cysteine
cystine
cysts
cytochrome F
cytochromes
cytokinins
cytoplasm
cytoplasmic male sterility
Dacus
Dahlia
dairy cattle
dairy cows
dairy herds
dairying
damage
daminozide
dams
darkness
data
data analysis
data collection
data processing
dates
daylight
DDE
DDT
death
debt
decision making
deep layer
deep placement
deep ploughing
deer
defaecation
defects
deficiencies
deficit irrigation
defoliation
degradation
dehydration
Delia
demand
demand functions
demography
denaturation
denitrification
Denmark
density
depreciation
depth
depth measurement
dermatitis
desertification
deserts
design
desorption
detection
deterioration
detoxification
deuterium
devaluation
developed countries
developing countries
development
development plans
development policies
development programmes
developmental stages
dew
dew point
DFD meat
diabetes
diagnosis
dialysis
diameter
diapause
diaphragm
diarrhoea
dichlorophen
diclofop
diclofop-methyl
dicotyledons
Dicrocoelium
dieback
dieldrin
diet
differential thermal analysis
diffraction
diffusion
diflubenzuron
digesta
digesters
digestibility
digestible nitrogen
digestible protein
digestion
digestive system
dimensions
dipping
Diptera
direct ELISA
disaccharides
disbudding
discoloration
discriminant analysis
discrimination
disease control
disease management
disease resistance
disease severity
diseases
displacement
dissolved organic matter
dissolved oxygen
dissolving
distilled water
distilling
disturbance
disul
divergent selection
divers
diversification
DNA
DNOC
docking
documents
dodine
dogs
domain
domes
domestic animals
domestication
dominant genes
Dominica
Dominican Republic
doors
dormancy
dormancy breaking
dosage
drain pipes
drainage
drainage systems
drainage water
dredging
dressing percentage
dried skim milk
dried whey
DRIS
Drosophila
drought
drought resistance
drought tolerance
drug residues
drug resistance
drugs
drupes
dry matter
dry matter content
dry season
drying
ducklings
ducks
dunes
duodenum
duration
dust
dust protection
dust storms
dyeing
dynamics
dystocia
E horizons
early blight
early diagnosis
ears
earth
earthworms
East Africa
East Asia
ecological factors
ecological production
ecology
econometric models
economic analysis
economic aspects
economic development
economic growth
economic losses
economic value
economics
economists
ecosystems
ecotypes
ectoparasites
Ecuador
EDTA
education
eels
effects
efficiency
effluents
egg production
eggs
Egypt
eland
elasticity
electrical conductivity
electrical resistance
electrodes
electrolytes
electron microscopy
electronics
electrophoresis
elements
elephants
ELISA
Elops
embankments
embryonic development
emigration
emission
emitters
employment
encephalitis
Encephalitozoon
endangered species
endoplasmic reticulum
endosperm
energy
energy balance
energy consumption
energy conversion
energy demand
energy exchange
energy metabolism
energy resources
energy sources
energy technology
energy value
engineering
engineers
engines
England
Ensis
Enterobacter
Enterobacteriaceae
enterocolitis
enterotoxins
enterprises
enthalpy
entropy
environment
environmental control
environmental factors
environmental protection
enzymatic analysis
enzymes
eosinophilia
epibiosis
epidemiology
epidermis
epididymitis
epithelium
equality
equations
equilibrium
equipment
equity
erectness
ergosterol
Eria
Erica
Ermines
erosion
errors
Erwinia
erythrocytes
Escherichia
Escherichia coli
Esox
essential amino acids
esterases
esters
estradiol
ethane
ethanol
ethephon
ethers
ethion
ethionine
ethnic groups
ethology
ethoxyquin
ethyl ether
ethylene
ethylene glycol
ethylene production
Euglena
Euglena gracilis
Eurasia
Europe
eutrophication
evaluation
evaporation
evaporimeters
evapotranspiration
events
evolution
ewes
exchange rate
excision
excreta
excretion
expenditure
experimental data
experimental design
experimental infection
experimentation
explants
exploration
exports
exposition
extension
extinction coefficient
extraction
extractors
extracts
extrusion
exudates
exudation
eyes
fabrication
face
facilitation
factor analysis
factorial analysis
factorial design
factories
factors
faeces
Fagus
fallow
families
family
famine
FAO
farmers
Fasciola
fasting
fats
fattening
fatty acids
fatty degeneration
faults
fauna
fear
feathers
features
feed concentrates
feed conversion efficiency
feed intake
feeding
feeding frequency
feeding habits
feeding level
feeding systems
feeds
feet
feldspar
felling
female plants
females
fennel
fens
fermentation
fermented products
ferritin
fertility
fertilization
fertilizer application
fertilizer technology
fertilizers
fever
fibres
fibrinogen
ficin
Ficus
Ficus benjamina
field area
field capacity
field crops
fields
fillets
filling
film
films
filth test
filtration
finance
financing
fine sand
fingerlings
finishes
finishing
Finland
fins
fire blight
fires
firmness
fish
fish culture
fish feeder
fish kill
fish larvae
fish ponds
fish products
fish stocking
fisheries
fishery statistics
fishes
fishing
fishing gear
fishing mortality
fishmeal
flag leaf
flavones
flavonoids
flavour
flavouring
flight
flint maize
floating cages
flocks
flooding
flooding tolerance
floodplains
flora
Florida
flotation
flow rate
flower buds
flowering
flowering stage
flowers
fluids
fluorescence
fluorescence microscopy
fluorine
fluorophenylalanine
flurenol
foetus
foliage
foliar application
foliar fertilization
foot-and-mouth disease
fora
forage
forage yield
foraging
forces
forcing
forecasting
foreign trade
forest clearing
forest cover
forest ecosystems
forest fires
forest management
forest plantations
forest protection
forest resources
forest soils
forestry
forestry sector
forests
formaldehyde
formalin
formic acid
formulations
fossil fuels
fouling
fractionation
France
free amino acids
freezing
fresh products
freshness
freshwater
frost
frost damage
frost hardening
frost resistance
fructokinase
fructose
fruit drop
fruit juices
fruiting
fruits
Fucus
fuels
fulvic acids
fumigation
fund
Fungi
fungicides
furfural
Fusarium
fusicoccin
Galactia
galactose
galacturonic acid
Galliformes
game
gametes
gametogenesis
gamma radiation
gangliosides
gardens
gas
gas chromatography
gas exchange
gas production
gases
gasification
gates
gel electrophoresis
gene duplication
gene flow
gene frequency
genes
genetic code
genetic correlation
genetic distance
genetic engineering
genetic gain
genetic improvement
genetic parameters
genetic polymorphism
genetic processes
genetic variance
genetics
genitalia
genomes
genotypes
genus
geographical regions
geography
geology
geometry
Georgia
Gerbera
German Democratic Republic
Germany
germinability
germination
germplasm
gibberellic acid
gibberellins
gill disease
gills
gilts
gin
ginger
glass
globulins
glomeruli
glucans
glucose
glucose tolerance
glucosides
glumes
glutamic acid
glutamine
glutathione
gluten
glycerol
glycine
Glycine
Glycine max
glycinin
glycogen
glycolipids
glycolysis
glycoproteins
glycosides
glyphosate
Gmelina
GnRH
Goa
goat cheese
goat milk
goats
gold
Golgi apparatus
gonads
Gonia
government
grading
grafting
grain
grain crops
grain legumes
grants
granules
granuloma
grape juice
grape must
grapes
grapevines
graphics
grasses
grasslands
grating
gravel
gravity
grazing
Greece
green beans
greenhouses
greening
Greenland
groundnut meal
groundwater
groundwater recharge
group size
groups
grouse
growing media
growth
growth inhibition
growth inhibitors
growth period
growth rate
growth retardants
growth substances
growth theory
Gryon
Guadalquivir River
guanine
Guatemala
guidelines
Guinea
Gulo
gypsum
habitats
habits
haem
haemoglobin
hail
hair
hakes
halophytes
halothane
Hamburg
handling
hardening
hardiness
hardwood
hares
harness
harvest index
harvesters
harvesting
harvesting date
Haryana
hatching
hauling
Hawaii
hay
hazards
haze
HCH
head
heading
health
health protection
hearing
heart
heart rate
heat
heat exchangers
heat inactivation
heat pumps
heat recovery
heat stress
heat transfer
heat treatment
heating
heavy metals
hedges
heifers
height
Helianthus
helium
Helix
hemicellulose
hens
hepatitis
herbaceous plants
herbicides
herbivores
herds
heritability
heterosis
heterosis breeding
heterozygotes
hexokinase
hexoses
high seas
high tide
high water
hilling
Hirschmanniella
histamine
histidine
histocompatibility
histology
histones
histopathology
history
HMF
hoes
homeostasis
homogenization
homoserine
Honduras
honey
honeydew
Hong Kong
hooves
hops
hordein
hormones
horns
horse breeds
horse gram
horse meat
horseradish
horses
horticulture
host plants
Hosta
hosts
houses
housing
HPLC
human milk
humans
humic acids
humidity
humoral immunity
humus
hunger
hunting
hyaluronic acid
hybridization
hybrids
hydration
Hydrilla
hydrochloric acid
hydroculture
hydrogen
hydrogen peroxide
hydrogenation
hydrogeology
hydrolysis
hydroponics
hydrostatic pressure
hydroxides
hydroxylation
hygiene
hyperplasia
Hyphomycetes
hypocotyls
Hypoderma
hypoxanthine
IAA
IBA
ice
Iceland
identification
Ilarviruses
ileum
Ilex
image processing
imago
immigration
immobilization
immune response
immune serum
immunity
immunization
immunofluorescence
immunoglobulins
Impatiens
Impatiens walleriana
implantation
implementation
imports
improvement
in vitro
in vitro culture
in vitro digestibility
in vivo digestibility
inactivation
inbred lines
inbreeding
inbreeding coefficient
inbreeding depression
incentives
incision
inclusion
income
incorporation
incubation period
India
Indiana
indicator plants
indicators
indirect ELISA
indirect selection
individuals
Indonesia
induced ovulation
industrial development
industrial pollution
industrial production
industrial wastes
industrialization
industry
inertia
infection
infectious diseases
infertility
infestation
infiltration
inflammation
inflation
inflorescences
information
information processing
infrastructure
infusion
Inga
ingredients
inheritance
inhibition
Inia
initiatives
injection
injectors
inland waters
innovation
inoculation
inorganic compounds
inorganic fertilizers
inorganic nitrogen
inputs
insecticides
insolation
inspection
instability
instars
institutes
institutional reform
institutions
insulation
integrated control
integrated disease management
integration
integument
intensification
interactions
intercropping
interest rates
interferons
intermediate hosts
internodes
interspecific competition
intramuscular fat
intramuscular injection
intraspecific competition
invertebrates
investment
investment requirements
iodine
ion exchange
ion exchange capacity
ionization
ionizing radiation
ions
Iowa
Ips
Iran
Ireland
Iris
iris
iron
iron oxides
irradiance
irradiation
irrigated land
irrigation
irrigation systems
irrigation water
islands
isoelectric focusing
isoenzymes
isoflavones
isolation
isolation techniques
isoleucine
isomerases
isotopes
Israel
Italy
Japan
jejunum
Jersey
juveniles
kanamycin
kaolin
kaolinite
kappa-casein
karyotypes
keeping quality
Kenya
keratin
kernels
ketones
ketosis
kidneys
kinesis
kinetic energy
kinetin
kinins
kneading
knots
knowledge
Kuwait
labelling
laboratories
laboratory techniques
labour
labour market
lac
lactalbumin
lactase
lactation
lactic acid
lactic acid bacteria
lactic fermentation
Lactobacillus
Lactobacillus acidophilus
Lactobacillus bulgaricus
lactose
lagers
lagoons
Lake Maggiore
Lake Ontario
Lake Victoria
lakes
laminitis
land
land clearing
land cover
land equivalent ratio
land evaluation
land levelling
land ownership
land reform
land tenure
land use
landfills
landforms
landing
landsat
landscape
languages
larvae
larval stage
latent infections
Lates
latex
latex agglutination test
Latin square
latitude
Latium
lattice design
lauric acid
law
layering
layers
laying performance
LD50
leaching
lead
leaders
leadership
leads
leaf area
leaf area index
leaf conductance
leaf development
leaf protein
leaf water potential
learning
leases
least squares method
leather
leaves
lectures
lees
leg weakness
leghaemoglobin
legislation
legumes
legumin
lemons
length
Lens
Lepidoptera
Leptospira
leptospirosis
lesions
Leucaena
leucine
leukocytes
levamisole
levels
levulinic acid
leys
liability
Libya
lichens
life cycle
light
light microscopy
light traps
lighting
lignification
lignins
Ligustrum
lilies
limbs
lime
limes
limestone
liming
limiting factors
linear programming
ling
linoleic acid
linolenic acid
lions
lipid content
lipid metabolism
lipids
lipoma
lipopolysaccharides
lipoproteins
liquid fertilizers
liquid milk
liquid nitrogen
liquidity
Listeria
literature
lithium
litter size
litters
live weight
liver
livestock
living standards
Liza
loaders
loading
loans
lobsters
localized irrigation
location
loci
lodging
logging
logic
longevity
Longidorus
loose housing
losses
Lota
low tide
low water
Lower Saxony
lowland
luminescence
lungs
lutein
lymph
lymph nodes
lymphocytes
lymphosarcoma
lysimeters
lysine
lysozyme
mace
mackerel
macrophages
magnesium
Magnolia
Maine
maintenance
maize
maize straw
male plants
males
malformations
Mali
malic acid
Malignant catarrhal fever virus
malt
malting
maltose
maltotriose
malvidin
Mammalia
mammals
mammary glands
management
managers
mancozeb
manganese
mange
mannitol
mannose
manometers
manual harvesting
manufacturing
maps
mares
margarine
market transparency
marketing
markets
marking
marking behaviour
mass
mass selection
mass spectrometry
mastitis
mate
materials
maternal effects
mathematical models
matric potential
maturation
maturity
mead
meadows
measure
measurement
meat
meat extracts
meat inspection
meat production
meat products
meat quality
meat yield
mebendazole
mechanical handling
mechanical harvesting
mechanical pruning
mechanical pulp
mechanics
mechanization
Medicago
Medicago sativa
mediterranean climate
Mediterranean Sea
meetings
meiosis
Melaleuca
melting
membranes
men
mental stress
mercuric chloride
mercury
meristems
mesh
mesophyll
messenger RNA
metabolism
metabolites
metalaxyl
metals
metamorphosis
meteorology
methane
methanol
methionine
methodology
methods
methyl jasmonate
methylation
Mexico
mice
Michigan
micro-organisms
microbial flora
microbiology
microclimate
microcuttings
microhabitat
micropropagation
microscopy
microsomes
microtubules
migrants
migration
migratory species
milk
milk composition
milk fat
milk production
milk products
milk protein
milk replacers
milk yield
milking
mills
mineral content
mineral nutrients
mineralization
mineralogy
minerals
minimum tillage
mining
minks
Minnesota
mint
miso
mitochondria
mitochondrial DNA
mitogens
mitosis
mixed cropping
mixing
mixing ratio
MMS
mode of action
modelling
models
modernization
moisture content
Mola
molas
molasses
molecular weight
moles
Mollusca
molybdenum
monensin
monitoring
monitoring systems
monocotyledons
monoculture
monosaccharides
Montana
moon
morantel
morbidity
morphogenesis
morphology
mortality
mother plants
motivation
moulding
Moulds
mountains
mouth
movement
Mozambique
mucous membrane
mucus
mud
mulches
mulching
multiple regression analysis
Mus
muscles
mussel culture
mussels
mutagenesis
mutagenicity
mutagens
mutants
mutation
mutton
mycelium
mycoflora
myocarditis
myosin
myositis
Mytilus
NAA
nails
natural environment
natural gas
natural resources
natural selection
nauplii
Nebraska
neck
necrosis
nectar
nectarines
needs
negotiation
neomycin
neon
neoplasms
nephritis
nervous system
net primary productivity
net profit
Netherlands
networks
neutralization
neutron activation analysis
neutrophils
new class
New Jersey
new products
new records
New South Wales
new species
new technology
New Zealand
Nicaragua
nickel
nicotinamide
nicotine
Niger
Nigeria
nitrapyrin
nitrates
nitric acid
nitrification
nitrogen
nitrogen balance
nitrogen compounds
nitrogen content
nitrogen cycle
nitrogen fixation
nitrogen metabolism
nitrogen retention
nitrogenase
nodes
nodules
noise
nomenclature
Nomia
North America
North Atlantic
North Dakota
North Sea
Norway
nose
Nothofagus
nozzles
nucleic acids
nucleolus
nucleotide sequence
nucleotides
nucleus
numerical analysis
nutrient availability
nutrient intake
nutrient solutions
nutrient uptake
nutrients
nutrition
nutritional requirements
nutritional status
nutritive value
nuts
nymphs
oat milk
oat straw
oats
obesity
objects
observation
occupation
Oceania
Oceans
odour
OECD
oedema
oenology
oestrogens
oestrous cycle
office
Oidium
oils
Olea
oleic acid
oligosaccharides
olives
Oman
omasum
omentum
onions
Ontario
oocysts
oospores
open pollination
optical properties
oral administration
orchards
order
Oregon
organ culture
organic acids
organic carbon
organic compounds
organic fertilizers
organic matter
organic matter content
organic phosphorus
organic wastes
organisms
organization
organochlorine compounds
organochlorine pesticides
organogenesis
organophosphorus compounds
orientation
Oriente
Orius
ornamental plants
Oryctolagus
Oryctolagus cuniculus
Oryza
Oryza sativa
osmium
osmolality
osmoregulation
osmotic potential
osmotic pressure
osmotic stress
Osteichthyes
osteopathy
otitis
otters
outbreeding
outcrossing
ova
ovarian cysts
ovaries
overdose
overfeeding
overgrazing
oviducts
oviposition
ovotestis
ovulation
ovules
ownership
oxamyl
oxidation
oxides
Oxya
oxyfluorfen
oxygen
oxygen consumption
oysters
ozone
pace
Pacific salmon
paddocks
pain
Palestine
palladium
palmitin
Pan
Panama
pancreas
panicles
papain
paper
paper chromatography
Paphiopedilum
Papua New Guinea
Para
Paraguay
parameters
paraquat
parasites
parasitism
parasitoids
parathyroid gland
parcels
parenchyma
parents
parthenogenesis
participation
particle size
partridges
parturition
Passer
pasta
Pasteurella
path analysis
pathogenesis
pathogenic bacteria
pathogenicity
pathogens
pathology
pathotypes
patients
patulin
pearl millet
pears
peas
peasantry
peat
pecking
pectins
pedology
peel
pelleted feeds
pelleting
pellets
pepper
pepsin
peptidases
peptides
perch
perianth
periderm
perimeter
periodicity
permanence
permeability
permethrin
Perna
Perna perna
Peronospora
Peronosporaceae
peroxidases
persistence
Peru
pest control
pest management
pesticides
pests
petals
petioles
Petunia
Petunia hybrida
phagocytes
phagocytosis
pharynx
pheasants
phenolic compounds
phenolic content
phenology
phenols
phenomena
phenotypes
phenylalanine
pheromones
Philippines
phloem
phosphates
phosphodiesterase
phospholipids
phosphorescence
phosphorus
phosphorus content
phosphorylation
photochemistry
photogrammetry
photographs
photooxidation
photosynthesis
photosynthetically active radiation
photosystem I
photosystem II
photosystems
Phylloxera
phylogenetic analysis
physics
physiological processes
physiological response
physiology
phytoalexins
phytochrome
Phytophthora
phytoplankton
phytosterols
phytotoxicity
Pica
pica
picking
Piedmont
piglets
pigmentation
pigments
pike
Pinaceae
pinching
pinene
pipes
pisatin
Pisces
pistil
Pisum
pith
pits
placement
plaice
plains
plankton
planning
plans
plant breeders
plant breeding
plant communities
plant competition
plant diseases
plant establishment
plant growth
plant habit
plant height
plant nutrition
plant parts
plant population
plant protection
plant protein
plant response
plant structure
plant tissues
Plant viruses
plant water relations
Plantago
plantations
planting
planting date
plants
plasma cells
plasma progesterone
plasmid vectors
plasmids
plasmodesmata
plastids
plate count
platinum
pleura
ploidy
plot design
ploughing
plumage
plums
PMS
pneumonia
pododermatitis
pods
points
Polar regions
polarity
policies
pollen
pollen culture
pollen germination
pollen tubes
pollination
pollinators
pollutants
pollution
polyacrylamide
polyculture
polyethylene
polymerization
polymers
polymorphism
polypeptides
polyphenols
polyploidy
polypropylene
polysaccharides
polystyrene
polyunsaturated fatty acids
polyvinyl chloride
ponds
population
population decrease
population density
population dynamics
population genetics
population growth
pork
porosity
Porphyra
Portugal
possums
potassium
potassium chloride
potassium nitrate
potato harvesters
Potato virus M
Potato virus Y
potatoes
potentiometry
pots
potting
poultry
powders
Prays
Prays citri
Prays oleae
Precambrian
precipitation
precocity
predation
predators
prednisolone
pregnancy
prepupae
prescription
preservation
preservatives
presses
pressing
pressure
price fixing
prices
primary production
primary productivity
primary root
primary sector
Primula
principal component analysis
proanthocyanidin
probit analysis
procedures
process control
processes
processing
product quality
production
production data
production factors
production functions
production increase
production systems
productivity
products
profiles
profit
profitability
progeny
progeny testing
progesterone
programmes
projects
prolactin
proline
promoters
propanol
properties
property
Propionibacterium
propionic acid
prostaglandins
Protea
Proteaceae
proteases
protection
protective structures
protein content
protein kinase
protein quality
protein synthesis
proteinases
proteins
proteolysis
protoplasm
protoplast fusion
protoplasts
provenance
proximate analysis
proximate composition
pruning
pseudocereals
public health
public water
publications
Puerto Rico
pullets
pulp
pumping
pumps
pupae
purchasing
pure lines
pure stands
purification
purines
purity
pyridoxine
pyrolysis
quails
qualitative analysis
quality
quality control
quality of life
quantitative analysis
quantitative genetics
quarters
quartz
quaternary
quaternary ammonium compounds
Queensland
Quercus
Quercus ilex
Quercus suber
Quercus trojana
quinones
rabbits
radar
radiation
radicle
radio
radioactivity
radiography
radioimmunoassay
radius
raffinose
rain
rainforests
rainwater
rams
Rana
rancidity
random sampling
ratification
rationalization
rations
rats
raw materials
raw milk
rays
real estate
rearing techniques
recessive genes
recombinant DNA
recombination
reconstitution
reconstruction
records
recovery
recreation
rectal palpation
rectal temperature
recycling
red wines
redox potential
reducing sugars
reduction
reflectance
reforms
refrigeration
regeneration
regional development
regression analysis
regrowth
regulations
rehabilitation
rehydration
reindeer
relative humidity
relief
remote sensing
removal
rendering
renewable energy
renewal
rennet
rent
replanting
replication
replications
reports
reproducibility
reproduction
reproductive performance
reproductive stage
requirements
research
research institutions
residual effects
residues
resilience
resolution
resources
respiration
respiration rate
respiratory quotient
rest
restoration
restricted feeding
restrictions
results
reticulum
retina
returns
Reynolds number
rhinitis
Rhizobium
rhizomes
rhizosphere
rhizosphere pH
Ribes
riboflavin
ribosomal RNA
ribosomes
rice
rice straw
ricin
rifts
rigging
ripening
risk
rivers
RNA
RNA replication
roach
roads
roasting
rock
rock phosphate
rockwool
rodents
rollers
rolling
Romania
roofs
root extracts
root hairs
root length
root nodules
root pruning
root systems
root temperature
rooting
roots
rootstocks
Rosa
roses
rosin
Rotavirus
rots
roughage
rubber
rubidium
rules
rumen
Rumina
ruminants
runoff
rural development
rural population
rusts
Ruta
Rutaceae
rutin
rye
saccharin
Saccharomyces
Saccharomyces uvarum
safety
safflower
saffron
sage
Sahel
sales
salicylates
saline soils
salinity
salinity data
saliva
Salix
Salmo
salmon
Salmonella
salt tolerance
salts
samples
sampling
sand
sandy soils
sap
saponification
sapwood
SAR
Sarcocystis
sarcocystosis
sarcoma
Sardinia
satellites
saturated fats
saturated fatty acids
saturation
sausages
savings
sawdust
Saxony
scald
scale
scale models
scales
schools
sciences
scientists
Scilla
sclerotia
Scotland
screening
Scylla
Scylla serrata
sea bream
sea level
sealing
Seas
seasonality
seasons
seawater
secretion
sediment
sedimentation
seed
seed certification
seed development
seed dressing
seed extracts
seed germination
seed longevity
seed moisture content
seed potatoes
seed production
seed quality
seed set
seed size
seed technology
seed testing
seed treatment
seed viability
seed weight
seedbed preparation
seeding
seedlings
seeds
segregation
selection
selection criteria
selection index
selenium
self-compatibility
self-feeding
self-pollination
selfing
semen
semolina
senescence
sensible heat
sensors
separating
sequential sampling
serine
serology
serotypes
serpentine soils
serum albumin
services
sets
sewage
sewage sludge
sex
sexual dimorphism
sexual maturity
sexual reproduction
shad
shade
shade trees
shading
shallow water
sharecropping
shear
shearing
sheds
sheep
sheep cheese
shellfish
shellfish culture
shelling
ships
shock
shoots
shops
shortages
shortening
shrimp fisheries
shrubs
siblings
Sicily
Sida
side effects
sides
sieving
silage
silica
silicates
silicon
silk
silt
silver
simulation
simulation models
single cell protein
singling
sisal
site
site index
size
skim milk
skull
slash
slashing
slaughtering
sleep
slope
sludge
slurry
small intestine
smolts
snails
snow
snowmelt
soaking
social behaviour
social change
social structure
society
sociology
sodium
sodium bicarbonate
sodium chloride
sodium hydroxide
sodium nitrate
softwood
soil
soil air
soil analysis
soil bacteria
soil chemistry
soil classification
soil compaction
soil deficiencies
soil fertility
soil horizons
soil loss
soil management
soil maps
soil moisture deficit
soil organic carbon
soil organic matter
soil organisms
soil pH
soil porosity
soil properties
soil salinity
soil solution
soil sterilization
soil strength
soil structure
soil surveys
soil temperature
soil texture
soil treatment
soil types
soil water
soil water characteristics
soil water content
soil water potential
soilless culture
solar energy
solar radiation
sole cropping
Solen
soles
solid wastes
solids
solubility
solubilization
solutes
solutions
solvents
somatic cell count
somatic cells
sons
sorbitol
sorbose
Sorghum
Sorghum bicolor
sorption
sound
sour cherries
sources
South Africa
South America
South Australia
Southern Europe
sovereignty
sowing
sowing date
sowing rates
sows
soybean meal
soybeans
space
spacing
spaghetti
Spain
sparrows
Spartina
spat
speciation
species
species diversity
specific gravity
spectra
spectrometry
spectrophotometry
spectroscopy
speed
spending
spermatozoa
Sphagnum
spices
spikes
spinach
spine
spinning
spiramycin
Spirodela
spits
spleen
sponges
spores
sport
sporulation
spots
sprats
spraying
sprays
spreadability
spring
sprinkler irrigation
sprinklers
sprouting
spurs
squashes
stability
stages
staining
stakes
stand improvement
standards
standing reflex
Staphylococcus
Staphylococcus aureus
starch
starlings
starvation
state
statistical data
statistical methods
statistics
steel
stele
stem elongation
stem length
stems
Steno
Stephanofilaria
sterigmatocystin
sterilization
steroids
sterols
stigma
still
stimuli
Stipa
stocking
stocking density
stocks
stomach
stomata
stomatal conductance
stomatal resistance
stones
storage
storage proteins
storage structures
storms
strains
strategies
stratification
stratosphere
stratospheric ozone
straw
strength
Streptococcus
Streptococcus faecium
stress
structural change
structural proteins
structures
stubble
stunting
style
styrene
subfamily
subjects
subsidies
subsistence
subsoil
subsoiling
subspecies
substances
suckers
suckling
sucrose
sugar
sugar beet
sugar industry
sugars
sulfur
sulfur dioxide
sulfur proteins
sulfuric acid
summer
sun
sunflower seed
sunflowers
supermarkets
supernatant
superoxide dismutase
superparasitism
superphosphate
supplemental irrigation
supplements
supply
surf
surface area
surface drainage
surface temperature
surface water
surfactants
surpluses
surveys
survival
Sus
Svalbard
swamps
Sweden
swelling
swimming
swine
Swine fever virus
Switzerland
symbionts
symbiosis
symptoms
synchronization
synergism
synthesis
syrup
syrups
systems
Tabanus
tables
tablets
tactile stimuli
tail
tanks
tannins
tartaric acid
taste
taxa
taxes
taxis
taxonomy
tea
teats
technetium
technical aid
technicians
techniques
technology
teeth
telemetry
temperate climate
temperate forests
temperature
temperature differences
tenancy
tenants
tenderness
tendrils
tensile strength
tentoxin
Tenuipalpidae
tenure
terminology
terns
territory
Tertiary
testa
testes
testing
testosterone
tests
tetanus
texture
Thailand
thawing
therapy
thermal analysis
thermal balance
thermal insulation
thermal screens
thermography
thermoluminescence
thiabendazole
thiamine
thickness
thin layer chromatography
thinning
threonine
Thrips
Thuja
thylakoids
Thymus
thyroid gland
thyroid hormones
thyrotropin
thyroxine
tiamulin
tides
tilapia
Tilapia
tilapia culture
tillage
tillering
time
time series analysis
timing
tin
tines
Tipula
tissue
tissue culture
tissue proliferation
tobacco
toes
Togo
tolerance
tongue
top-dressing
topography
topping
topsoil
Torula
total carbon
total nitrogen
total organic carbon
total phosphorus
toxic substances
toxicity
toxicology
toxins
Toxoplasma
trace elements
trachea
Trachypogon
tracks
traction
tractor industry
tractors
trade
traditional methods
traffic
trailers
training
trains
transcription
transformation
translocation
transparency
transpiration
transplantation
transplanting
transport
trapping
traps
tree crops
trees
Trema
trends
triadimefon
tribe
trichomes
triglycerides
triiodothyronine
trimethoprim
tritium
trocar
trolling
tropical climate
tropical forests
tropical fruits
tropical rainforests
tropical soils
troposphere
trout
trucks
trunks
trypsin
trypsin inhibitors
tryptophan
Tuber
tubers
tuff
tuna
tungsten
tunnels
turbulence
turf
turgor
Tuscany
tylosin
Typha
typology
tyres
Tyrol
tyrosine
udders
ultrasound
ultrastructure
ultraviolet irradiation
Umbria
uncertainty
undergrowth
unemployment
ungulates
units
unloaders
unloading
unsaturated fats
unsaturated fatty acids
uranium
urban wastes
urbanization
urd
urea
uric acid
uridine
urinary tract
urination
urine
USA
use efficiency
uses
uterus
vaccination
vaccines
vacuoles
vagina
valleys
valuation
value systems
variants
varieties
variety
Varroa
vascular bundles
vascular diseases
vase life
vasopressin
veal
vectors
vegetable crops
vegetables
vegetarianism
vegetation
vegetative period
vegetative stage
vehicles
velocity
Venezuela
ventilation
Verbena
vermiculture
vertebrae
vertebrates
vertical integration
Verticillium
Verticillium wilt
veterinarians
viability
vibration
Viburnum
Viburnum opulus
vices
Victoria
Vienna
vigour
villages
vinclozolin
vineyards
vinyl chloride
violence
viral antigens
virgin land
virions
virulence
viruses
viscosity
vision
visual inspection
visual stimuli
vitamin content
vitamin D
vitamin E
vitamins
viticulture
vocalization
volatile compounds
volatile fatty acids
volatilization
volcanic soils
voles
volume
vomiting
vulva
Wales
walk
walls
war
washing
waste
waste heat
waste paper
wastes
wastewater
water
water activity
water availability
water balance
water depth
water extraction
water holding capacity
water levels
water management
water pollution
water potential
water purification
water quality
water requirements
water resources
water samples
water shortage
water storage
water supply
water temperature
water treatment
water uptake
water use
water vapour
water-use efficiency
watering
waterlogging
watersheds
wavelength
waxes
weaning
wear
weather
weathering
weed competition
weed control
weeding
weeds
weighing
weight
weight gain
weight losses
weight reduction
welfare
wells
Wesselsbron virus
Western Australia
wet season
wet weight
wethers
wetland rice
wheat
wheels
whey
whey protein
white wines
whitefish
WHO
whole milk
width
wild animals
wild plants
wildebeest
wildfires
wildlife
wilting
wind direction
wind speed
winds
wines
winter
winter barley
Wisconsin
witch
women
wood
wood industry
wood moisture
wood production
woodlands
woody plants
wool
workers
world
wort
wrapping
xylem
xylose
yearling
yearlings
yeasts
yield components
yield increases
yield losses
yield potential
yields
yoghurt
young animals
Yugoslavia
Zea
zebu
zein
zinc
zinc sulphate
zoology
zooplankton
zoos
zoospores
zygotes